Let’s redevelop the interactive webpage for a children’s colour learning game so we can serve it using Express. In addition, use jQuery to manipulate the DOM and add behaviour to the components displayed in the page, and Bootstrap to build the grid layout and style the components. The following modifications are required: include an input in the page so the players can provide their name and, when the start button is clicked, both input and button should be hidden. When the player finishes the game, log the player's name and the game's result in Express' console and include that information as an element in the page as well (don't use the alert function anymore). Tips: when you hide an element in the page using css, you can still retrieve it from the document and access it properties. Try using AJAX to handle the post requests as it will save you time. Tip: when in Chrome or Firefox, press F12 to use “Dev Tools”, such as the Console and Inspect Elements, to debug your code. As a reminder: the game consists in having a grid with multiple colours and a panel where a colour name will be presented. The child will click a cell in the grid and that cell’s colour name will be presented in a panel above. Once a cell has been clicked, it will become black. When all cells are black, the game is over. The child will want to click all the cells in the shortest amount of time. 1. When a child enters the page, it shall present a “Start” button. 2. When the child clicks “Start”: a. A grid of 6x6 cells is created. The grid should be generated using native JavaScript. b. Each grid cell is assigned a colour randomly, between blue, red, green, orange, purple, pink and grey. c. A timer will start counting the elapsed time. d. The “Start” button is hidden. 3. Then, each time the child clicks a cell in the grid, that colour’s name will be displayed in a panel above the grid, using that very same colour for the text. a. Then, that cell will become black. b. The child will keep clicking the cells, and their colour names to be displayed above, until all cells have been clicked and therefore are black. 4. When the game is over, the colour name panel will display: “Game Over”, written in black. a. The total time taken to complete the game is shown to the child with an alert. 5. Change the code to have only 6 random colours and: a. Only when the child clicks two different cells with the same colour in sequence, they become black. b. The game is over when all cells are black. c. Therefore, you need to ensure each colour appears exactly 6 times (3 pairs).
